OSDOCS-15374#combining vSphere customization assemblies (#96319)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_vsphere/ipi/installing-vsphere-installer-provisioned-customizations.adoc

toc::[]

In {product-title} version {product-version}, you can install a cluster on your

> {vmw-first} instance by using installer-provisioned infrastructure with customized or customized network configuration options. In each, you modify parameters in the `install-config.yaml` file before you install the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{vmw-first} instance by using installer-provisioned infrastructure with customizations including network configuration options. In each, you modify parameters in the `install-config.yaml` file before you install the cluster.
```

slight rewording suggestion.
